- [Frank] As our course comes to an end
I wanted to share with you a recap and some next steps
for your journey with the Spring framework.
Let's start with that recap.
So we have been using Spring Boot as a mechanism
to learn the basics of the Spring framework.
We started our journey with Spring data
and loaded an embedded database,
as well as a remote database and repositories
that we could use as an ORM to get data
out of our database with very little, if any, code.
We also leveraged the IoC container
to inject dependencies into upstream classes.
We built a web page using the Spring framework,
and then you built one on your own
so that you could see not only how to collect the data
in a controller,
but expose it out through a time leaf based template
of that web page.
And finally, we built some ReSTful webservices,
as well as one in the challenge
where you had to start at the top
and build everything all the way down the stack
including the data access.
That should have given you a very easy to use
and basic model of the Spring framework
so that you could start building
on that in your own knowledge journey.
Now, there are some very good next steps that you can take
to expand your use of the Spring framework.
First thing I would do
is recommend you start building small apps,
even small projects that only have one or two methods.
The idea being that if you see a problem
and you can solve it, no matter how small with the language,
you will start committing that knowledge
into your long-term memory.
In my GitHub repo, for instance,
you will find a lot of little kata,
K A T A programs that I write
that helped me reinforce constructs
with any language or with any framework.
I'm going to encourage you to walk through the projects
themselves within the Spring framework,
at least read the opening paragraph or two
of each of the documentation sets
so that you can get a little bit more deep knowledge
of what they do
outside of the brief introduction I gave you.
And of course there are many more courses,
many of which I have created
in the LinkedIn Learning library,
that you can use to expand your knowledge of Spring.
Now, I want to end this with a very important, thank you.
I appreciate the fact that you have spent this time with me
to learn from me of the knowledge that I've gained
from others and I don't take that lightly.
My commitment to you does not end when this course is over.
You will find me on Twitter, GitHub and Stack Overflow
at @fpmoles and I'm very active in all of those places,
answering questions
or talking about the latest and greatest in technology.
I also encourage you to use the Q and A section
here on LinkedIn Learning.
I find myself answering students questions
much more often on the Q and A section than any other place,
because I have more focus in that Q and A section.
But however you need to, you are free to reach out to me.
And if it's something I can help you with
related to one of these courses,
I'm more than happy to do so.
Again, thank you for your time.
And I look forward to spending more of it with you
on one of my other courses here in the library,